[Music]
Hey looking for some icebreakers for
your next get-together with people you
know or want to know better well check
these out
twins can be born several months apart
the ostriches eyes are bigger than its
brain a baby is likely to have more than
five fingers on its hand if one of its
parents has the same condition are these
real facts or old wives tales let's
figure it out the giant squid has a
complex brain which is tiny compared to
the animal's body the most astonishing
thing though its shaped like a doughnut
and the squids esophagus the pipe
delivering food to the stomach runs
through the donut hole it means that two
big food chunks can hurt the brain your
taste receptors won't work without
saliva try wiping your tongue with a
paper towel until it's dry and then put
a piece of your favorite food in your
mouth
spoiler you won't taste any flavor
unless your food is dissolved in saliva
your taste buds can't detect food
molecules the filling between Kit Kat
waffles is made of other substandard Kit
Kats let's say something's gone wrong
and a Kit Kat bar has too many bubbles
or is imperfect in some other way that
Mars its appearance but not the taste no
problem
it gets mashed up into a smooth paste
and turned into a new bars filling the
longest time between the birth of twins
was 87 days then one girl was born
almost four months before the due date
while the other waited for the
appropriate time to draw her first
breath if you manage to find a body of
water huge enough to fit Saturn this
gigantic planet would float on its
surface it's a gas planet made up of 94%
hydrogen 6% helium and tiny amounts of
ammonia and methane all these gases are
less dense and lighter than water that's
why the planet wouldn't submerge your
shoelaces keep untying because every
time you walk the knots on them are
under a huge gravitational force 7 times
higher than normal for comparison the
world's most powerful rollercoaster
makes you experience a gravitation
force of 6.3 jeez ever seen tiny dots
traveling in squiggly lines especially
while you're staring at the bright blue
sky the dots are only visible for a
second or less and might look like
itsy-bitsy worms
those are your white blood cells moving
inside the capillaries in front of your
eye retina interestingly most people
don't notice these dots until asked to
pay attention if a tooth was
accidentally knocked out along its route
it can't be placed right back in its
place
and it'll heal but you should act in the
first 30 minutes otherwise it'll be too
late
starfish don't have a centralized brain
their nervous system is evenly spread
throughout their legs or are they arms
anyway instead of blood these creatures
use seawater to pump different nutrients
through their bodies the last letter
added to the English alphabet wasn't Z
it was J it's also no coincidence that I
and J stand side by side these letters
started out as the same character
doctors recognized more than 400 phobias
and some internet resources catalog
almost a thousand ranging from quite
common like the fear of darkness or
spiders to outright bizarre
for example Poe gonna phobics are scared
of beards and optics of opening their
eyes the Ring of Fire is a horseshoe
shaped area in the Pacific Ocean that
contains 452 volcanoes
that's more than 75% of all the active
and sleeping volcanoes in the world
almost 90% of all earthquakes including
81 percent of the largest ones happen in
the Ring of Fire
now when you breathe through your nose
one nostril always inhales more air than
the other but don't worry they swap over
every 15 minutes or so also one study
claims that when you breathe through
your right nostril
you'll get more oxygen than while doing
it through your left one who knows most
people don't notice it but when you
aren't using your tongue it's closer to
the upper palate than to the lower one
remember the hiss your FM radio makes
when is tuned to a frequency between
stations part of this hiss called white
noise is the Big Bang in other words you
still hear how the universe was created
about 13.8 billion years ago several
studies have proven that children born
prematurely are twice as likely to be
left-handed than babies who appear as
planned it would take you almost half a
year to reach the moon if you decided to
travel by car at a speed of 65 miles per
hour never mind the fact that there are
no roads to drive on otherwise if you
moved at the speed of light the whole
trip would last just a bit more than one
second before colored television
appeared in the 1950s and 60s 75% of
people claimed they saw dreams in black
and white these days it's only 12%
scientists claim they found an
explanation for this phenomenon people
who used to watch black and white movies
and TV in their childhood dream in
grayscale throughout all their lives
the ostrich has huge eyes the size of
fool balls they take loads of space
probably that's why the bird's brain is
so tiny smaller than either of its
eyeballs it might be the reason why
ostriches run in circles while trying to
escape from predators tiny spiders have
huge brains an itsy-bitsy spider central
nervous system fills up almost 80% of
his body including 25% of its legs a
photon which is a tiny packet of light
often spends more than 40,000 years to
travel from the Sun's core to its
surface but after that it needs just
eight minutes to reach Earth you can
turn almost any material that's capable
of melting into glass if you just have
to be really quick to cool the molten
substance off before its molecules
realign back into what they used to be
before being melted no it looks as if
flamingos knees Bend backwards but in
fact it's their ankles not needs the
birds spent almost all their time on
tiptoes it's hard to see their knees
because they're close to the body and
covered with
feathers apples you buy it the
supermarket might not be as fresh as you
think usually slightly unripe fruit gets
picked sometime between August and
November then they get waxed dried with
hot air boxed and left and cold storage
only six to twelve months later these
apples finally land on the supermarket
shelves the leech has its body divided
into 32 separate segments and each of
them has its own brain by the way this
creature also has ten stomachs says
right here in the early days of
photography a wide open smile was seen
as childish and rather impolite
that's why photographers told people to
say prunes instead of cheese this word
kept the mouth shut
well heed actally the condition when a
person has more than five fingers or
toes on one or each hand or foot can be
genetically inherited in other words
this condition can't be passed to a baby
by one of its parents
sloths the slowest animals on the planet
are surprisingly good swimmers they have
strong arms that help them move through
the water the animals can also slow
their heart rate down to 1/3 of its
normal pace it allows them to hold their
breath for up to 40 minutes while
they're underwater
lobsters wouldn't you know have very
poor vision that's why they get to know
about their environment through touch
smell and taste but unlike most animals
lobsters taste by using tiny bristles
inside their smaller clause called
pincers these bristles play the role of
taste buds oh by the way the lobsters
teeth are in its stomach nine-banded
armadillo always give birth to four
genetically identical babies after birth
the little ones stay with her mother for
a half a year or so then leave to have
their own lives dodging cars as they run
across highways in Texas little
Daredevils hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life